_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: PhD Student, MIT Institute for Data, Systems, and Society

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info:

news: true # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a first-year Ph.D. student at the [MIT Institute for Data, Systems, and Society (IDSS)](https://idss.mit.edu/), advised by Prof. [Sherrie Wang](https://sherriewang.github.io/). I'm part of the [Earth Intelligence Lab](https://sites.mit.edu/earthintelligence/), where we try to democratize the access to geospatial machine learning and better understand our planet.

Before that, I obtained my B.S. degree in Computer Science at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, where I was fortunate to be advised by Prof. [Bo Li](https://aisecure.github.io/), Prof. [Kaiyu Guan](http://faculty.nres.illinois.edu/~kaiyuguan/), and Prof. [Sheng Wang](https://shengwang12.github.io/). I also worked closely with Prof. [Zhangyang "Atlas" Wang](https://vita-group.github.io/).

My long-term research agenda aims to build _accurate, efficient, trustworthy, and democratized_ machine learning systems for climate and geospatial science.

By tailoring the advancements in multi-modal pretraining, benchmark design, model auditing, and domain knowledge augmentation to the unique challenges of geospatial data, particularly interpreting remote sensing images, I hope we can address the pressing issues in sustainable agriculture, land management, and agroecosystem modeling, thereby contributing to our collective efforts to mitigate and adapt to climate change.

Commit message:

Fuse research vision to one paragraph

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: PhD Student, MIT Institute for Data, Systems, and Society

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info:

news: true # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a first-year Ph.D. student at the [MIT Institute for Data, Systems, and Society (IDSS)](https://idss.mit.edu/), advised by Prof. [Sherrie Wang](https://sherriewang.github.io/). I'm part of the [Earth Intelligence Lab](https://sites.mit.edu/earthintelligence/), where we try to democratize the access to geospatial machine learning and better understand our planet.

Before that, I obtained my B.S. degree in Computer Science at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, where I was fortunate to be advised by Prof. [Bo Li](https://aisecure.github.io/), Prof. [Kaiyu Guan](http://faculty.nres.illinois.edu/~kaiyuguan/), and Prof. [Sheng Wang](https://shengwang12.github.io/). I also worked closely with Prof. [Zhangyang "Atlas" Wang](https://vita-group.github.io/).

My long-term research agenda aims to build _accurate, efficient, trustworthy, and democratized_ machine learning systems for climate and geospatial science. In pursuit of this objective, I leverage the advancements in vision/language pretraining, benchmark design, model auditing, and domain knowledge augmentation, to improve the machine learning systems for geospatial data, particularly focusing on aerial and satellite remote sensing images. By tailoring these methodologies to the unique challenges of geospatial data, I hope we can address the pressing issues in _sustainable agriculture, land management, and agroecosystem modeling_, thereby contributing to our collective efforts to mitigate and adapt to climate change.
